BUGS:

This file is to list any bugs you find with the emacs side of the
package. This will be helpful so we know where to look for a complete
list of all bugs which require attention.

Bugs requiring attention:

- Panning left/right latex-access-pan-* doesn't work 100% correctly. For
long lines you sometimes can't reach the end of the line. In other cases
it's a possibility that the display may not have a full length of
characters i.e. with nemeth? This is a result of the Brailling code
relying on the position of the cursor to figure out what should be
Brailled. Since after the translation the cursor positions go out of
sync between raw latex and the translation this produces
problems. I.e. if we know cursor is at raw latex character 10, then we
provide cursor position 10 to the Brailling function which first does
the translation into ueb/nemeth character 10 in the Braille translation
is unrelated to character 10 in the raw latex. 
Solution, implement cursor routing and then pass the relative cursor
position in the translation which the raw cursor position from the raw
latex corresponds too... Unless anyone else can think of a less painful
solution...?:)

Bugs which have been fixed:

- Currently as a result of the new emacs Braille implementation, for
long documents after moving several screens into the latex document, the
Braille and latex source lines go out of sync. Ultimately, the currently
selected line of latex should correspond to the line directly to the
right of it in the "other-window", which represents the Braille
translation. However, for some reason the lines seem to go out of sync
after moving several screens into a latex document. 
If people could test this, by opening a latex document and scrolling
through it until this bug is triggered, and report your findings, as
well as consistency among different latex documents that would be very
useful. 
Comment: Fixed for me as of r276 -- only translate the current screen, not the entire buffer! Please, update and reopen this concern if you still get problems...
- Currently some important messages from emacs are not shown.
This is because we are blocking the echo area.
We'll need to use some kind of minibuffer to display the Braille translation.
- For some reason emacspeak says "." (dot) before the translation in speech.
I disable the Braille and this still occurs, do other users see this?
It may be something I need to investigate when time permits -- not a huge issue though.
Fixed of r127 -- load python module only once.
- Part of the Braille translation was spoken by emacspeak. (should be
fixed now
- Latex-access toggle didn't work properly when disabled, nothing was
Brailled/voiced, and when enabling, no Braille output for the latex
access enabled message was observed. 
Fixed of R147.
